Privacy Policy
Marcel Wielgosz built the Notatnik Wędkarza app as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by Marcel Wielgosz at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Notatnik Wędkarza unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app

Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Facebook
Log Data

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Service Providers

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do the necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2022-07-29

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at mobilefastturtle@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator


PL

Polityka prywatności
Marcel Wielgosz zbudował aplikację Notatnik Wędkarza jako aplikację Freemium. Niniejsza USŁUGA jest świadczona przez Marcela Wielgosza bezpłatnie i jest przeznaczona do użytku w takiej postaci, w jakiej jest.

Ta strona służy do informowania odwiedzających o moich zasadach dotyczących gromadzenia, wykorzystywania i ujawniania Danych osobowych, jeśli ktoś zdecyduje się skorzystać z mojej Usługi.

Jeśli zdecydujesz się korzystać z mojej Usługi, zgadzasz się na zbieranie i wykorzystywanie informacji w związku z niniejszą polityką. Gromadzone przeze mnie dane osobowe służą do świadczenia i ulepszania Usługi. Nie wykorzystam ani nie udostępnię nikomu Twoich informacji, z wyjątkiem przypadków opisanych w niniejszej Polityce prywatności.

Terminy użyte w niniejszej Polityce Prywatności mają takie samo znaczenie jak w naszym Regulaminie, który jest dostępny w Notatniku Wędkarza, chyba że w niniejszej Polityce Prywatności określono inaczej.

Gromadzenie i wykorzystywanie informacji

Aby zapewnić lepsze wrażenia podczas korzystania z naszej Usługi, mogę wymagać od Ciebie podania nam pewnych danych osobowych. Informacje, o które proszę, zostaną zachowane na Twoim urządzeniu i nie będą przeze mnie w żaden sposób zbierane.

Aplikacja korzysta z usług stron trzecich, które mogą gromadzić informacje służące do identyfikacji użytkownika.

Link do polityki prywatności zewnętrznych dostawców usług używanych przez aplikację

Usługi Google Play
AdMob
Google Analytics dla Firebase
Facebook
Dane dziennika

Chcę Cię poinformować, że za każdym razem, gdy korzystasz z mojej Usługi, w przypadku wystąpienia błędu w aplikacji zbieram dane i informacje (za pośrednictwem produktów firm trzecich) na Twoim telefonie o nazwie Log Data. Dane dziennika mogą zawierać takie informacje, jak adres IP urządzenia, nazwa urządzenia, wersja systemu operacyjnego, konfiguracja aplikacji podczas korzystania z mojej Usługi, godzina i data korzystania z Usługi oraz inne statystyki .

Ciasteczka

Pliki cookie to pliki z niewielką ilością danych, które są powszechnie używane jako anonimowe unikalne identyfikatory. Są one wysyłane do Twojej przeglądarki z odwiedzanych przez Ciebie stron internetowych i są przechowywane w pamięci wewnętrznej Twojego urządzenia.

Niniejsza Usługa nie wykorzystuje wyraźnie tych plików „cookies”. Aplikacja może jednak wykorzystywać kod i biblioteki stron trzecich, które wykorzystują pliki „cookies” do zbierania informacji i ulepszania ich usług. Masz możliwość zaakceptowania lub odrzucenia tych plików cookie i wiedzieć, kiedy plik cookie jest wysyłany na Twoje urządzenie. Jeśli zdecydujesz się odrzucić nasze pliki cookie, możesz nie być w stanie korzystać z niektórych części tej Usługi.

Usługodawcy

Mogę zatrudniać firmy i osoby trzecie z następujących powodów:

Aby ułatwić naszą usługę;
Aby świadczyć Usługę w naszym imieniu;
Aby świadczyć usługi związane z Usługą; lub
Aby pomóc nam w analizie sposobu korzystania z naszej Usługi.
Chcę poinformować użytkowników tej Usługi, że te osoby trzecie mają dostęp do ich danych osobowych. Powodem jest wykonywanie powierzonych im zadań w naszym imieniu. Są jednak zobowiązani do nieujawniania ani nie wykorzystywania informacji w żadnym innym celu.

Bezpieczeństwo

Cenimy Twoje zaufanie w dostarczaniu nam Twoich Danych Osobowych, dlatego staramy się stosować komercyjnie akceptowalne środki ich ochrony. Pamiętaj jednak, że żadna metoda transmisji przez Internet ani metoda elektronicznego przechowywania nie jest w 100% bezpieczna i niezawodna i nie mogę zagwarantować jej absolutnego bezpieczeństwa.

Linki do innych witryn

Niniejsza Usługa może zawierać łącza do innych witryn. Jeśli klikniesz link strony trzeciej, zostaniesz przekierowany do tej witryny. Pamiętaj, że te zewnętrzne witryny nie są przeze mnie obsługiwane. Dlatego zdecydowanie radzę zapoznać się z Polityką prywatności tych stron. Nie mam kontroli i nie ponoszę odpowiedzialności za treść, politykę prywatności lub praktyki jakichkolwiek witryn lub usług stron trzecich.

Prywatność dzieci

Usługi te nie są skierowane do osób poniżej 13 roku życia. Nie zbieram świadomie danych osobowych od dzieci poniżej 13 roku życia. W przypadku, gdy odkryję, że dziecko poniżej 13 roku życia przekazało mi dane osobowe, natychmiast usuwam je z naszych serwerów. Jeśli jesteś rodzicem lub opiekunem i zdajesz sobie sprawę, że Twoje dziecko przekazało nam dane osobowe, skontaktuj się ze mną, abym mógł wykonać niezbędne czynności.

Zmiany w niniejszej Polityce prywatności

Od czasu do czasu mogę aktualizować naszą Politykę prywatności. Dlatego zaleca się okresowe przeglądanie tej strony pod kątem wszelkich zmian. Powiadomię Cię o wszelkich zmianach, zamieszczając nową Politykę prywatności na tej stronie.

Niniejsza polityka obowiązuje od 2022-07-29

Skontaktuj się z nami

Jeśli masz jakiekolwiek pytania lub sugestie dotyczące mojej Polityki prywatności, nie wahaj się ze mną skontaktować pod adresem mobilefastturtle@gmail.com.

Ta strona z polityką prywatności została utworzona pod adresem privacypolicytemplate.net i zmodyfikowana/wygenerowana przez Generator Polityki Prywatności Aplikacji
