Terms & Conditions
By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. You’re not allowed to copy or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the app into other languages or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trademarks, copyright, database rights, and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to Marcel Wielgosz.

Marcel Wielgosz is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for.

The Notatnik Wędkarza app stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, to provide my Service. It’s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that the Notatnik Wędkarza app won’t work properly or at all.

The app does use third-party services that declare their Terms and Conditions.

Link to Terms and Conditions of third-party service providers used by the app

Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Facebook
You should be aware that there are certain things that Marcel Wielgosz will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the app will require the app to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi or provided by your mobile network provider, but Marcel Wielgosz cannot take responsibility for the app not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left.

If you’re using the app outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that the terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the app, or other third-party charges. In using the app, you’re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the app outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you’re using the app, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the app.

Along the same lines, Marcel Wielgosz cannot always take responsibility for the way you use the app i.e. You need to make sure that your device stays charged – if it runs out of battery and you can’t turn it on to avail the Service, Marcel Wielgosz cannot accept responsibility.

With respect to Marcel Wielgosz’s responsibility for your use of the app, when you’re using the app, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavor to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. Marcel Wielgosz accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the app.

At some point, we may wish to update the app. The app is currently available on Android & iOS – the requirements for the both systems(and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the app. Marcel Wielgosz does not promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the Android & iOS version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.

Changes to This Terms and Conditions

I may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page.

These terms and conditions are effective as of 2022-07-29

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact me at mobilefastturtle@gmail.com.

This Terms and Conditions page was generated by App Privacy Policy Generator

PL

Zasady i Warunki
Pobierając aplikację lub korzystając z niej, niniejsze warunki będą automatycznie obowiązywać Cię – dlatego przed skorzystaniem z aplikacji upewnij się, że dokładnie je przeczytałeś. Nie możesz w żaden sposób kopiować ani modyfikować aplikacji, żadnej jej części ani naszych znaków towarowych. Nie możesz próbować wyodrębnić kodu źródłowego aplikacji, nie powinieneś też próbować tłumaczyć aplikacji na inne języki ani tworzyć wersji pochodnych. Sama aplikacja oraz wszelkie znaki towarowe, prawa autorskie, prawa do baz danych i inne prawa własności intelektualnej z nią związane nadal należą do Marcela Wielgosza.

Marcel Wielgosz dokłada wszelkich starań, aby aplikacja była jak najbardziej użyteczna i wydajna. Z tego powodu zastrzegamy sobie prawo do wprowadzania zmian w aplikacji lub pobierania opłat za jej usługi w dowolnym momencie i z dowolnego powodu. Nigdy nie pobieramy opłat za aplikację lub jej usługi bez wyraźnego wyjaśnienia, za co płacisz.

Aplikacja Notatnik Wędkarza przechowuje i przetwarza dane osobowe, które nam przekazałeś, w celu świadczenia mojej Usługi. Twoim obowiązkiem jest zapewnienie bezpieczeństwa telefonu i dostępu do aplikacji. Dlatego zalecamy, aby nie jailbreakować ani rootować telefonu, co jest procesem usuwania ograniczeń oprogramowania i ograniczeń nałożonych przez oficjalny system operacyjny urządzenia. Może to spowodować, że Twój telefon będzie podatny na złośliwe oprogramowanie/wirusy/złośliwe programy, złamać zabezpieczenia telefonu i może to oznaczać, że aplikacja Notatnik Wędkarza nie będzie działać poprawnie lub w ogóle.

Aplikacja korzysta z usług stron trzecich, które deklarują swoje Warunki.

Link do Warunków korzystania z usług zewnętrznych dostawców, z których korzysta aplikacja

Usługi Google Play
AdMob
Google Analytics dla Firebase
Facebook
Należy mieć świadomość, że są rzeczy, za które Marcel Wielgosz nie weźmie odpowiedzialności. Niektóre funkcje aplikacji wymagają, aby aplikacja miała aktywne połączenie z Internetem. Połączenie może być Wi-Fi lub zapewnione przez operatora sieci komórkowej, ale Marcel Wielgosz nie może wziąć odpowiedzialności za niedziałanie pełnej funkcjonalności aplikacji, jeśli nie masz dostępu do Wi-Fi i nie masz żadnego pozostały limit danych.

Jeśli korzystasz z aplikacji poza obszarem z Wi-Fi, pamiętaj, że nadal obowiązują warunki umowy z operatorem sieci komórkowej. W rezultacie operator komórkowy może zostać obciążony kosztami transmisji danych za czas połączenia podczas korzystania z aplikacji lub innymi opłatami stron trzecich. Korzystając z aplikacji, akceptujesz wszelkie takie opłaty, w tym opłaty za transmisję danych w roamingu, jeśli korzystasz z aplikacji poza swoim terytorium (tj. regionem lub krajem) bez wyłączania roamingu danych. Jeśli nie jesteś płatnikiem rachunków za urządzenie, na którym korzystasz z aplikacji, pamiętaj, że zakładamy, że otrzymałeś zgodę płatnika rachunków na korzystanie z aplikacji.

Podobnie Marcel Wielgosz nie zawsze może wziąć odpowiedzialność za sposób, w jaki korzystasz z aplikacji, tj. Musisz upewnić się, że Twoje urządzenie pozostaje naładowane – jeśli wyczerpie się bateria i nie możesz jej włączyć, aby skorzystać z Usługi, Marcel Wielgosz nie ponosi odpowiedzialności.

W odniesieniu do odpowiedzialności Marcela Wielgosza za korzystanie z aplikacji, podczas korzystania z niej należy pamiętać, że chociaż staramy się, aby była ona zawsze aktualizowana i poprawna, polegamy na osobach trzecich, przekazywać nam informacje, abyśmy mogli je Tobie udostępnić. Marcel Wielgosz nie ponosi żadnej odpowiedzialności za jakiekolwiek straty, bezpośrednie lub pośrednie, których doświadczysz w wyniku całkowitego polegania na tej funkcjonalności aplikacji.

W pewnym momencie możemy chcieć zaktualizować aplikację. Aplikacja jest obecnie dostępna na Androida i iOS – wymagania dla obu systemów (i dla wszelkich dodatkowych systemów, na które zdecydujemy się rozszerzyć dostępność aplikacji) mogą ulec zmianie i będziesz musiał pobrać aktualizacje, jeśli chcesz zachować za pomocą aplikacji. Marcel Wielgosz nie obiecuje, że zawsze będzie aktualizował aplikację, aby była odpowiednia dla Ciebie i/lub działała z wersją Androida i iOS, którą zainstalowałeś na swoim urządzeniu. Jednak obiecujesz, że zawsze będziesz akceptować aktualizacje aplikacji, gdy zostaną Ci zaoferowane. Możemy również chcieć zaprzestać dostarczania aplikacji i możemy zakończyć korzystanie z niej w dowolnym momencie bez powiadomienia o wypowiedzeniu. O ile nie postanowimy inaczej, po wypowiedzeniu (a) prawa i licencje przyznane w niniejszych warunkach wygasną; (b) musisz zaprzestać korzystania z aplikacji i (w razie potrzeby) usunąć ją ze swojego urządzenia.

Zmiany w niniejszym Regulaminie

Od czasu do czasu mogę aktualizować nasze Warunki. Dlatego zaleca się okresowe przeglądanie tej strony pod kątem wszelkich zmian. Powiadomię Cię o wszelkich zmianach, zamieszczając nowy Regulamin na tej stronie.

Niniejsze warunki obowiązują od 2022-07-29

Skontaktuj się z nami

Jeśli masz jakieś pytania lub sugestie dotyczące moich warunków, nie wahaj się skontaktować ze mną pod adresem mobilefas
